datos de Cliente

tab 1
id_cliente
nombre
apellido 1
apellido 2
email
telefono
empresa
actividad - text
cif
direccion - text
cp
poblacion

tab2
certificacion
frescos
envasados
tipo
provincias
paises

tab3
iban ?  Â¿Por partes?
aceptar_condiciones


datos de usuario


1 - form_lopd_empresa
empresa - var
direccion - var
cp - int
cif - var
telefono - var
email - var
nombre_responsable - var
email_lopd - ver
sector - select 0-3
descripcion - text

2 - form_lopd_infra
almacen_elec - ch
almacen_fis - ch
almacen_acc_dig - ch
almacen_acc_fis - ch

almacen_imagenes - sn
almacen_borrado - ra 0-3
almacen_propio - sn

almacen_servidores - var
almacen_discos - var
almacen_pen - var
almacen_pc - var

almacen_manteni - ra 0-2
almacen_backup - ra 0-3

3 - Cliente
cliente_sino - sn

cliente_identificacion - ch
cliente_caracteristicas - ch
cliente_academicos - ch
cliente_bancarios - ch

cliente_servicio - ch
cliente_facturar - ch
cliente_publicidad - ch
cliente_post - ch

cliente_tributaria - ch
cliente_ss - ch
cliente_bancos - ch
cliente_seguridad - ch
cliente_otros - ch

cliente_gestoria - ch

4 - Futuro
futuro_sino - sn

futuro_identificacion - ch
futuro_caracteristicas - ch
futuro_academicos - ch

futuro_propio - ch
futuro_tercera - ch

futuro_agencia - ch
futuro_imprenta - ch
futuro_exclusivo - ch

5 - Empleados
empleados_sino - sn

empleados_identificacion - ch
empleados_caracteristicas - ch
empleados_academicos - ch
empleados_profesion - ch
empleados_bancos - ch

empleados_nomina - ch
empleados_formacion - ch
empleados_relacion - ch

empleados_propio - ch
empleados_tercera - ch

empleados_gestion - sn
empleados_mutua - sn
empleados_formar - sn
empleados_prevencion - sn

6 - Candidatos
candidatos_sino - sn

candidatos_identificacion - ch
candidatos_caracteristicas - ch
candidatos_academicos - ch
candidatos_profesion - ch

candidatos_curriculum - ch
candidatos_web - ch
candidatos_form - ch

candidatos_borrado - ra 0-3

7 - Proveedores
proveedores_sino - sn

proveedores_identificacion - ch
proveedores_bancos - ch

proveedores_factura - ch
proveedores_pedido - ch






